PLAT-126566: Update kitten browser documentation (#160)
enactjs/docs: src/pages/docs/tutorials/tutorial-kitten-browser/data-and-state/index.md

	}
},

render: ({children, onSelect, size, url, ...rest}) => {
	delete rest.index;

	return (
		<div {...rest} onClick={onSelect}>
			<img src={url} alt="Kitten" width={size} height={size} />
			<div>{children}</div>
		</div>
	);
}
```
### Adding Spotlight Support

> In [Hello, Enact!](../../tutorial-hello-enact/), we [introduced `ThemeDecorator`](../../tutorial-hello-enact/adding-moonstone-support/), which adds the base support for Spotlight in an application. All of our Sandstone controls that should be spottable support Spotlight out of the box. If you're creating a custom component, like we have in this example, you'll have to add that support yourself. Fortunately, in most cases, you can add Spotlight support by wrapping your component with the `Spottable` HOC.

Reviewer: I'm seeing `adding-moonstone-support`, is this correct?

Author: That's not what I intended. I missed it. 
Thank you.

Fixed in latest commit (to "adding-sandstone-support")

> In [Hello, Enact!](../../tutorial-hello-enact/), we [introduced `ThemeDecorator`](../../tutorial-hello-enact/adding-sandstone-support/), which adds the base support for Spotlight in an application. All of our Sandstone controls that should be spottable support Spotlight out of the box. If you're creating a custom component, like we have in this example, you'll have to add that support yourself. Fortunately, in most cases, you can add Spotlight support by wrapping your component with the `Spottable` HOC.

Author: The link will be valid if the "Hello, Enact" tutorial is merged.
Fixed position of "introduced" with the suggestion.

const Kitten = Spottable(KittenBase);

export default Kitten;
export {
	Kitten, 
	KittenBase
};
```
As well as wrapping your component, we need to define the color of Spotlight effect. We'll use light-grey as the background color of the Spotlight, and black as the color of the text covered with Spotlight.

**./src/components/Kitten/Kitten.module.less**
```css
@import "~@enact/sandstone/styles/mixins.less";

.kitten {
	display: inline-block;
	padding: 22px;

> 	text-align: center;

Reviewer: Let's replace these with ...

	background-color: transparent;
	.focus({
		background-color:  #e6e6e6; // light-grey
		color: black;
	});

> }

Reviewer: I think this block should be end of this subject, after the "advanced" block.

Reviewer: And we need more information about using `focus` mixin.

Author: OK. 
I moved it after the "advanced" block and added more info about 'focus' mixin

>
> In most cases, wrapping a component with Spottable is sufficient to make it navigable and selectable. However, in the case of Kitten, it won't be selectable because we've hijacked the `onClick` handler for our custom `onSelect` event. The current solution is to wrap the root element (`<div>`) with Spottable instead of the component (`Kitten`) but that is left as an exercise for the reader.

> As well as wrapping your component, we need to define the colors manually that will be used for the Spotlight effect when the `Kitten` is focused. We'll use the mixins provided by sandstone to set the background color and text color of the component when focus occurs on it. First, import the mixins into `./src/components/Kitten/Kitten.module.less` which defines the style of the `Kitten` component. Then, use focus class of the mixins with the desired color values. We'll use light-grey as the background color of the Spotlight, and black as the color of the text covered with Spotlight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As well as wrapping your component with `Spottable`, we need to define the colors that will be used for the Spotlight effect when the `Kitten` is focused. We'll use the `focus` mixins provided by Sandstone to set the background color and text color of the component when it is focused. First, import the mixins into`./src/components/Kitten/Kitten.module.less` which defines the style of the `Kitten` component. Then, use `.focus` mixins to define the desired color properties. We'll use `lightgrey` as the background color and `black` as the color of the text when the component is focused.
```

Author: OK. fixed

If everything has gone smoothly, you should now have a working Enact Kitten Browser with state managed by the `Changeable` HOCs flowing downstream via props and user actions flowing back upstream via events. This style of architecture will be useful as you build larger, more complex apps allowing you to decouple state and behavior from your components and views.

> Below is the complete source for each of files modified in this tutorial which may be useful to see how the changes introduced above should be integrated together. You can get this source from our repository [Kitten Browser](https://github.com/enactjs/samples/tree/develop/tutorial-kitten-browser).

Reviewer 2: You will use `develop` branch? not `master`?

Author: The link is removed.

	},

	render: ({index, kitten, onNavigate, onSelectKitten, ...rest}) => (
		<Panels {...rest} index={index} onBack={onNavigate}>
			<List onSelectKitten={onSelectKitten}>{kittens}</List>
			<Detail name={kittens[kitten]} />
		</Panels>
	)
});

const App = Changeable({prop: 'index', change: 'onNavigate'},
	Changeable({prop: 'kitten', change: 'onSelectKitten'},
		ThemeDecorator(AppBase)
	)
);

export default App;
export {
	App, 
	AppBase
};
```
**src/views/List.js**
```js
import kind from '@enact/core/kind';

> import {Header, Panel} from '@enact/moonstone/Panels';

Reviewer 2: moonstone -> sandstone

Author: Thank you. It's fixed.
